Hello and welcome.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting Preparing for Organizational Challenges in the course
Kanban for Agile Scrum Practitioners. This module will provide the awareness to
challenges that may obstruct or impede your adoption of kanban and offer
recommendations and techniques to mitigate them.
How you fit into your organization may reveal the
challenges or approaches that lie ahead for you.
Maybe you are presently using kanban to various degrees of maturity.
Every organization may be a little different.
If so,
you are likely able to apply what you've learned in this course moving forward.
Perfect.
Or you are a technical lead or manager with decision‑making
responsibility on software development processes.
In this case, you might have a challenge,
but not necessarily with the prerequisite to get management approval.
But you may need to lead or guide your team to adopt new kanban techniques.
Lastly, if you are not using kanban presently,
you may have even a greater organizational challenge ahead of you.
You may have to both convince your management and your team
before you can move forward with adopting kanban.
Here are two key adoption challenges you may encounter. First
and foremost will be management. If managements says no to
kanban or you have kanban now,
but they are not comfortable to making it, say, more complicated, their words
in their minds, that might inhibit you from moving forward.
Another adoption challenge, assuming you have management's
acceptance, is getting buy‑in from your teammates.
Sometimes this is the hardest hurdle to overcome.
This module will address these challenges and how you might surmount them.
Change anyone?
Well, let's see how that might go.
Who wants change?
Usually everyone wants change, management and the teams.
Everyone is raising their hands on that question.
Who wants to change? Well, most people seem to want someone
else to change. So you need a change agent.
That is someone who transforms the department or organization
by focusing on organizational effectiveness,
improvement, and development, that is implementing kanban. Well,
that person is you.
Lastly, who wants to lead the change?
Sometimes everyone runs for cover. And again, that person will be you,
leading the transition to kanban. Here are the topics of this
module: obtaining acceptance, it all matters, plan,
prepare and present; implementing kanban; and
measuring success, metrics and reporting. Okay, let's get started.